---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_enforcer_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-aquasec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Data Source `aquasec_enforcer_groups`



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aquasec_enforcer_groups" "groups" {
  group_id = "IacGroup"
}

output "group_details" {
  value = data.aquasec_enforcer_groups.groups
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **group_id** (String) The ID of the Enforcer group.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-only

- **admission_control** (Boolean)
- **allow_kube_enforcer_audit** (Boolean)
- **allowed_applications** (Set of String) List of application names to allow on the hosts. if provided, only containers of the listed applications will be allowed to run.
- **allowed_labels** (Set of String) List of label names to allow on the hosts.
- **allowed_registries** (Set of String) List of registry names to allow on the hosts.
- **antivirus_protection** (Boolean)
- **aqua_version** (String)
- **audit_all** (Boolean)
- **auto_copy_secrets** (Boolean)
- **auto_discover_configure_registries** (Boolean)
- **auto_discovery_enabled** (Boolean)
- **auto_scan_discovered_images_running_containers** (Boolean)
- **behavioral_engine** (Boolean)
- **block_admission_control** (Boolean)
- **command** (List of Object) The installation command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--command))
- **connected_count** (Number)
- **container_activity_protection** (Boolean)
- **container_antivirus_protection** (Boolean)
- **description** (String) A description for the Aqua Enforcer group.
- **disconnected_count** (Number)
- **enforce** (Boolean) Whether to enable enforce mode on the Enforcers, defaults to False.
- **enforcer_image_name** (String)
- **gateway_address** (String)
- **gateway_name** (String)
- **gateways** (List of String) List of Aqua gateway IDs for the Enforcers.
- **high_vulns** (Number)
- **host_assurance** (Boolean)
- **host_behavioral_engine** (Boolean)
- **host_network_protection** (Boolean)
- **host_os** (String)
- **host_protection** (Boolean)
- **host_user_protection** (Boolean)
- **hosts_count** (Number)
- **image_assurance** (Boolean)
- **install_command** (String)
- **kube_bench_image_name** (String)
- **last_update** (Number) The last date and time the batch token was updated in UNIX time.
- **logical_name** (String) Name for the batch install record.
- **low_vulns** (Number)
- **med_vulns** (Number)
- **micro_enforcer_certs_secrets_name** (String)
- **micro_enforcer_image_name** (String)
- **micro_enforcer_injection** (Boolean)
- **micro_enforcer_secrets_name** (String)
- **neg_vulns** (Number)
- **network_protection** (Boolean)
- **orchestrator** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--orchestrator))
- **pas_deployment_link** (String)
- **permission** (String)
- **risk_explorer_auto_discovery** (Boolean)
- **runtime_policy_name** (String)
- **runtime_type** (String)
- **sync_host_images** (Boolean)
- **syscall_enabled** (Boolean)
- **token** (String) The batch install token.
- **type** (String)
- **user_access_control** (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--command"></a>
### Nested Schema for `command`

Read-only:

- **default** (String)
- **kubernetes** (String)
- **swarm** (String)
- **windows** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--orchestrator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `orchestrator`

Read-only:

- **master** (Boolean)
- **namespace** (String)
- **service_account** (String)
- **type** (String)


