---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_firewall_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-aquasec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Data Source `aquasec_firewall_policy`





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name of the policy, no longer than 128 characters and no slash characters.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-only

- **author** (String) Username of the account that created the policy.
- **block_icmp_ping** (Boolean) Indicates whether policy includes blocking incoming 'ping' requests.
- **block_metadata_service** (Boolean) Indicates whether policy includes blocking metadata services of the cloud.
- **description** (String) Description of the Firewall Policy.
- **inbound_networks** (List of Object) Information on network addresses that are allowed to pass in data or requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound_networks))
- **lastupdate** (Number) Timestamp of the last update in Unix time format.
- **outbound_networks** (Block List) Information on network addresses that are allowed to receive data or requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--outbound_networks))
- **type** (String) Indicates the class of protection defined by the firewall.
- **version** (String) Aqua version functionality supported

<a id="nestedatt--inbound_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound_networks`

Read-only:

- **allow** (Boolean)
- **port_range** (String)
- **resource** (String)
- **resource_type** (String)


<a id="nestedblock--outbound_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_networks`

Read-only:

- **allow** (Boolean) Indicates whether the specified resources are allowed to receive data or requests.
- **port_range** (String) Range of ports affected by firewall.
- **resource** (String) Information of the resource.
- **resource_type** (String) Type of the resource.


