---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_service Data Source - terraform-provider-aquasec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aquasec_service (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the service. It is recommended not to use whitespace characters in the name.
- `policies` (List of String) The service's policies; an array of container firewall policy names.

### Optional

- `local_policies` (Block List) A list of local policies for the service, including inbound and outbound network rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_policies))

### Read-Only

- `application_scopes` (List of String) Indicates the application scope of the service.
- `author` (String) Username of the account that created the service.
- `containers_count` (Number) The number of containers associated with the service.
- `description` (String) A textual description of the service record; maximum 500 characters.
- `enforce` (Boolean) Enforcement status of the service.
- `evaluated` (Boolean) Whether the service has been evaluated for security vulnerabilities.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_registered` (Boolean) Indicates if registered or not.
- `lastupdate` (Number) Timestamp of the last update in Unix time format.
- `monitoring` (Boolean) Indicates if monitoring is enabled or not
- `not_evaluated_count` (Number) The number of container that are not evaluated.
- `priority` (Number) Rules priority, must be between 1-100.
- `scope_expression` (String) Logical expression of how to compute the dependency of the scope variables.
- `scope_variables` (List of Object) List of scope attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope_variables))
- `target` (String) Type of the workload. container or host.
- `unregistered_count` (Number) The number of containers allocated to the service that are not registered.
- `vulnerabilities_high` (Number) Number of high severity vulnerabilities.
- `vulnerabilities_low` (Number) Number of low severity vulnerabilities.
- `vulnerabilities_malware` (Number) Number of malware.
- `vulnerabilities_medium` (Number) Number of medium severity vulnerabilities.
- `vulnerabilities_negligible` (Number) Number of negligible vulnerabilities.
- `vulnerabilities_score_average` (Number) The CVSS average vulnerabilities score.
- `vulnerabilities_sensitive` (Number) Number of sensitive vulnerabilities.
- `vulnerabilities_total` (Number) Total number of vulnerabilities.

<a id="nestedblock--local_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_policies`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the local policy.
- `type` (String) The type of the local policy, e.g., access.control.

Optional:

- `block_metadata_service` (Boolean) Whether to block access to the metadata service.
- `description` (String) A description of the local policy.
- `inbound_networks` (Block List) Inbound network rules for the local policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_policies--inbound_networks))
- `outbound_networks` (Block List) Outbound network rules for the local policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_policies--outbound_networks))

<a id="nestedblock--local_policies--inbound_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_policies.inbound_networks`

Required:

- `allow` (Boolean) Whether the inbound network rule is allowed.
- `port_range` (String) The port range for the inbound network rule.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type for the inbound network rule (e.g., anywhere).


<a id="nestedblock--local_policies--outbound_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_policies.outbound_networks`

Required:

- `allow` (Boolean) Whether the outbound network rule is allowed.
- `port_range` (String) The port range for the outbound network rule.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type for the outbound network rule (e.g., anywhere).



<a id="nestedatt--scope_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_variables`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


