---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_suppression_rules Data Source - terraform-provider-aquasec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the list of suppression rules.
---

# aquasec_suppression_rules (Data Source)

Fetches the list of suppression rules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all suppression rules.
data "aquasec_suppression_rules" "suppression_rules" {}

output "suppression_rules" {
  value = { for rule in data.aquasec_suppression_rules.suppression_rules.suppression_rules : rule.id => rule.name }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `suppression_rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--suppression_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--suppression_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `suppression_rules`

Read-Only:

- `application_scopes` (List of String) List of application scopes for the suppression rule.
- `author` (String) Author of the suppression rule.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the suppression rule.
- `created` (String) Creation date of the suppression rule.
- `expiry` (Number) Expiry in days of the suppression rule.
- `fix_available` (String) Fix available for the suppression rule.
- `id` (Number) Identifier used by AquaSec to identify the suppression rule.
- `name` (String) Name of the suppression rule.
- `scope` (Attributes) Scope of the suppression rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--suppression_rules--scope))
- `score` (List of Number) List of scores for the suppression rule.
- `severity` (String) Severity of the suppression rule.
- `status` (Boolean) Status of the suppression rule.
- `vulnerabilities` (String) Vulnerabilities as comma separated list for the suppression rule.

<a id="nestedatt--suppression_rules--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `suppression_rules.scope`

Read-Only:

- `expression` (String) Expression of the suppression rule.
- `variables` (Attributes List) Variables of the suppression rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--suppression_rules--scope--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--suppression_rules--scope--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `suppression_rules.scope.variables`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String) Attribute of the variable.
- `name` (String) Name of the variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the variable.


