---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_aqua_api_key Resource - terraform-provider-aquasec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The aquasec_aqua_api_key resource manages your API Key within Aqua.
  The API Key must have the expiry date, description, group and permission_ids.
  
---

# aquasec_aqua_api_key (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aquasec_aqua_api_key" "terraform_api_key" {
    description = "Terraform-managed API key"
    roles = [
        "Global_Role"
    ]
    expiration = 365
    ip_addresses = [ 
        "1.1.1.1"
    ]
    group_id = 41902
    permission_ids = [
        36,
        35
    ]
    enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) A description of the API key
- `roles` (Array)  List of Roles associated with the API key.
- `expiration` (Number) The date of the API Key expiration.
- `ip_addresses` (Array) List of IP addresses the API key can be used from.
- `group_id` (Number) The group ID that is associated with the API key. 
- `permission_ids` (Array) List of permission IDs for the API key, if empty the API key has global admin permissions.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the apikey is enabled or not.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The apikey ID
- `description` (String)  The API key description.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the apikey is enabled or not.
- `ip_addresses` (Array) List of IP addresses the API key can be used from.
- `access_key` (String)  The API key value.
- `secret` (String) The API key secret.
- `roles` (Array) List of Roles associated with the API key.
- `created` (Date) The date of the API Key creation.
- `updated` (Date) The date of the API Key updation.
- `expiration` (Date) The date of the API Key expiration.
- `account_id` (Number) The account ID that is associated with the apikey.
- `owner` (Number) The ID of the user who created the API key.
- `group_id` (Number) The group ID that is associated with the API key.
- `permission_ids` (Array) List of permission IDs for the API key, if empty the API key has global admin permissions.