---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_image Resource - doc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aquasec_image (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aquasec_image" "example_aquasec_image" {
  // Required values
  registry   = "ExampleRegistry"
  repository = "ExampleRepository"
  tag        = "ExampleImageTag"

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `registry` (String) The name of the registry where the image is stored.
- `repository` (String) The name of the image's repository.
- `tag` (String) The tag of the image.

### Optional

- `allow_image` (Boolean) If this field is set to true, the image will be whitelisted.
- `block_image` (Boolean) If this field is set to true, the image will be blacklisted.
- `permission_modification_comment` (String) A comment on why the image was whitelisted or blacklisted

### Read-Only

- `architecture` (String) The image architecture.
- `assurance_checks_performed` (List of Object) The list of image assurance checks performed on the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assurance_checks_performed))
- `author` (String) The name of the user who registered the image.
- `blacklisted` (Boolean) Whether the image is blacklisted.
- `comment` (String) The image creation comment.
- `created` (String) The date and time when the image was registered.
- `critical_vulnerabilities` (Number) Number of critical severity vulnerabilities detected in the image.
- `default_user` (String) The default user of the image.
- `digest` (String) The content digest of the image.
- `disallowed` (Boolean) Whether the image is disallowed (non-compliant).
- `disallowed_by_assurance_checks` (Boolean) Whether the image was disallowed because of Image Assurance Policies.
- `docker_id` (String) The Docker image ID.
- `docker_labels` (List of String) Docker labels of the image.
- `docker_version` (String) The Docker version used when building the image.
- `dta_severity_score` (String) DTA severity score.
- `dta_skipped` (Boolean) If DTA was skipped.
- `dta_skipped_reason` (String) The reason why DTA was skipped.
- `environment_variables` (List of String) Environment variables in the image.
- `high_vulnerabilities` (Number) Number of high severity vulnerabilities detected in the image.
- `history` (List of Object) The Docker history of the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--history))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image_size` (Number) The size of the image in bytes.
- `image_type` (String) The type of the image.
- `labels` (List of String) Aqua labels of the image.
- `low_vulnerabilities` (Number) Number of low severity vulnerabilities detected in the image.
- `malware` (Number) Number of malware found on the image.
- `medium_vulnerabilities` (Number) Number of medium severity vulnerabilities detected in the image.
- `name` (String) The name of the image.
- `negligible_vulnerabilities` (Number) Number of negligible severity vulnerabilities detected in the image.
- `newer_image_exists` (Boolean) Whether a new version of the image is available in the registry but is not scanned and registered yet.
- `os` (String) The operating system detected in the image
- `os_version` (String) The version of the OS detected in the image.
- `parent` (String) The ID of the parent image.
- `partial_results` (Boolean) Whether the image could only be partially scanned.
- `pending_disallowed` (Boolean) Whether the image is non-compliant, but is pending this status due to running containers.
- `permission` (String) Permission of the image.
- `permission_author` (String) The name of the user who last modified the image permissions.
- `permission_comment` (String) The comment provided when the image permissions were last modified
- `registry_type` (String) Type of the registry.
- `repo_digests` (List of String) The repository digests.
- `scan_date` (String) The date and time when the image was last scanned.
- `scan_error` (String) If the image scan failed, the failure message.
- `scan_status` (String) The scan status of the image (either 'pending', 'in_progress', 'finished', 'failed' or 'not_started').
- `sensitive_data` (Number) Number of sensitive data detected in the image.
- `total_vulnerabilities` (Number) The total number of vulnerabilities detected in the image.
- `virtual_size` (Number) The virtual size of the image.
- `vulnerabilities` (List of Object) A list of all the vulnerabilities found in the image (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vulnerabilities))
- `whitelisted` (Boolean) Whether the image is whitelisted.

<a id="nestedatt--assurance_checks_performed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assurance_checks_performed`

Read-Only:

- `assurance_type` (String)
- `blocking` (Boolean)
- `control` (String)
- `dta_skipped` (Boolean)
- `dta_skipped_reason` (String)
- `failed` (Boolean)
- `policy_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `history`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created` (String)
- `created_by` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `size` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--vulnerabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vulnerabilities`

Read-Only:

- `ack_author` (String)
- `ack_comment` (String)
- `ack_expiration_configured_at` (String)
- `ack_expiration_configured_by` (String)
- `ack_expiration_days` (Number)
- `ack_scope` (String)
- `acknowledge_date` (String)
- `ancestor_pkg` (String)
- `aqua_score` (Number)
- `aqua_score_classification` (String)
- `aqua_scoring_system` (String)
- `aqua_severity` (String)
- `aqua_severity_classification` (String)
- `aqua_vectors` (String)
- `audit_events_count` (Number)
- `block_events_count` (Number)
- `classification` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `digest` (String)
- `exploit_reference` (String)
- `exploit_type` (String)
- `first_found_date` (String)
- `fix_version` (String)
- `image_name` (String)
- `last_found_date` (String)
- `modification_date` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `nvd_cvss2_score` (Number)
- `nvd_cvss2_vectors` (String)
- `nvd_cvss3_score` (Number)
- `nvd_cvss3_severity` (String)
- `nvd_cvss3_vectors` (String)
- `nvd_severity` (String)
- `nvd_url` (String)
- `os` (String)
- `os_version` (String)
- `permission` (String)
- `publish_date` (String)
- `registry` (String)
- `repository` (String)
- `resource_architecture` (String)
- `resource_cpe` (String)
- `resource_format` (String)
- `resource_hash` (String)
- `resource_licenses` (List of String)
- `resource_name` (String)
- `resource_path` (String)
- `resource_type` (String)
- `resource_version` (String)
- `severity_classification` (String)
- `solution` (String)
- `temporal_vector` (String)
- `v_patch_applied_by` (String)
- `v_patch_applied_on` (String)
- `v_patch_enforced_by` (String)
- `v_patch_enforced_on` (String)
- `v_patch_policy_enforce` (Boolean)
- `v_patch_policy_name` (String)
- `v_patch_reverted_by` (String)
- `v_patch_reverted_on` (String)
- `v_patch_status` (String)
- `vendor_cvss2_score` (Number)
- `vendor_cvss2_vectors` (String)
- `vendor_severity` (String)
- `vendor_statement` (String)
- `vendor_url` (String)


