---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_container_runtime_policy Resource - terraform-provider-aquasec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aquasec_container_runtime_policy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aquasec_container_runtime_policy" "container_runtime_policy" {
  name             = "container_runtime_policy"
  description      = "container_runtime_policy"
  scope_expression = "v1 || v2"
  scope_variables {
    attribute = "kubernetes.cluster"
    value     = "default"
  }
  scope_variables {
    attribute = "kubernetes.label"
    name      = "app"
    value     = "aqua"
  }

  application_scopes = [
    "Global",
  ]
  enabled              = true
  enforce              = false
  block_container_exec = true
  container_exec_allowed_processes = [
    "proc1",
    "proc2"
  ]
  block_cryptocurrency_mining   = true
  block_fileless_exec           = true
  block_non_compliant_workloads = true
  block_non_k8s_containers      = true
  blocked_capabilities = [
    "AUDIT_CONTROL",
    "AUDIT_WRITE"
  ]
  allowed_executables = [
    "exe",
    "bin",
  ]
  blocked_executables = [
    "exe1",
    "exe2",
  ]
  blocked_files = [
    "test1",
    "test2"
  ]
  malware_scan_options {
    enabled = true
    action  = "alert"
    #exclude_directories = [ "/var/run/" ]
  }
  file_integrity_monitoring {
    monitor_create      = true
    monitor_read        = true
    monitor_modify      = true
    monitor_delete      = true
    monitor_attributes  = true
    monitored_paths     = ["paths"]
    excluded_paths      = ["expaths"]
    monitored_processes = ["process"]
    excluded_processes  = ["exprocess"]
    monitored_users     = ["user"]
    excluded_users      = ["expuser"]
  }
  audit_all_processes_activity = true
  audit_full_command_arguments = true
  audit_all_network_activity   = true
  enable_fork_guard            = true
  fork_guard_process_limit     = 13
  block_access_host_network    = true
  block_adding_capabilities    = true
  block_root_user              = true
  block_privileged_containers  = true
  block_use_ipc_namespace      = true
  block_use_pid_namespace      = true
  block_use_user_namespace     = true
  block_use_uts_namespace      = true
  block_low_port_binding       = true
  limit_new_privileges         = true
  blocked_packages = [
    "pkg",
    "pkg2"
  ]
  blocked_inbound_ports = [
    "80",
    "8080"
  ]
  blocked_outbound_ports = [
    "90",
    "9090"
  ]
  allowed_registries = [
    "registry1",
    "registry2"
  ]
  monitor_system_time_changes = "true"
  blocked_volumes = [
    "blocked",
    "vol"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the container runtime policy

### Optional

- `allowed_executables` (Block List) Allowed executables configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_executables))
- `allowed_registries` (Block List) Allowed registries configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_registries))
- `application_scopes` (List of String) Indicates the application scope of the service.
- `audit_all_network_activity` (Boolean) If true, all network activity will be audited.
- `audit_all_processes_activity` (Boolean) If true, all process activity will be audited.
- `audit_brute_force_login` (Boolean) Detects brute force login attempts
- `audit_full_command_arguments` (Boolean) If true, full command arguments will be audited.
- `auditing` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auditing))
- `author` (String) Username of the account that created the service.
- `blacklisted_os_users` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blacklisted_os_users))
- `block_access_host_network` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with access to host network.
- `block_adding_capabilities` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with adding capabilities with `--cap-add` privilege.
- `block_container_exec` (Boolean) If true, exec into a container is prevented.
- `block_cryptocurrency_mining` (Boolean) Detect and prevent communication to DNS/IP addresses known to be used for Cryptocurrency Mining
- `block_disallowed_images` (Boolean)
- `block_fileless_exec` (Boolean) Detect and prevent running in-memory execution
- `block_low_port_binding` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with the capability to bind in port lower than 1024.
- `block_non_compliant_workloads` (Boolean) If true, running containers in non-compliant pods is prevented.
- `block_non_k8s_containers` (Boolean) If true, running non-kubernetes containers is prevented.
- `block_privileged_containers` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with privileged container capability.
- `block_root_user` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with root user.
- `block_use_ipc_namespace` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with the privilege to use the IPC namespace.
- `block_use_pid_namespace` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with the privilege to use the PID namespace.
- `block_use_user_namespace` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with the privilege to use the user namespace.
- `block_use_uts_namespace` (Boolean) If true, prevent containers from running with the privilege to use the UTS namespace.
- `blocked_capabilities` (List of String) If true, prevents containers from using specific Unix capabilities.
- `blocked_executables` (List of String) List of executables that are prevented from running in containers.
- `blocked_files` (List of String) List of files that are prevented from being read, modified and executed in the containers.
- `blocked_inbound_ports` (List of String) List of blocked inbound ports.
- `blocked_outbound_ports` (List of String) List of blocked outbound ports.
- `blocked_packages` (List of String) Prevent containers from reading, writing, or executing all files in the list of packages.
- `blocked_volumes` (List of String) List of volumes that are prevented from being mounted in the containers.
- `bypass_scope` (Block List) Bypass scope configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bypass_scope))
- `container_exec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--container_exec))
- `container_exec_allowed_processes` (List of String) List of processes that will be allowed.
- `created` (String)
- `cve` (String)
- `default_security_profile` (String)
- `description` (String) The description of the container runtime policy
- `digest` (String)
- `drift_prevention` (Block List) Drift prevention configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--drift_prevention))
- `enable_crypto_mining_dns` (Boolean)
- `enable_fork_guard` (Boolean) If true, fork bombs are prevented in the containers.
- `enable_ip_reputation` (Boolean)
- `enable_port_scan_protection` (Boolean)
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the runtime policy is enabled or not.
- `enforce` (Boolean) Indicates that policy should effect container execution (not just for audit).
- `enforce_after_days` (Number) Indicates the number of days after which the runtime policy will be changed to enforce mode.
- `enforce_scheduler_added_on` (Number)
- `exclude_application_scopes` (List of String) List of excluded application scopes.
- `executable_blacklist` (Block List) Executable blacklist configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--executable_blacklist))
- `failed_kubernetes_checks` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--failed_kubernetes_checks))
- `file_block` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--file_block))
- `file_integrity_monitoring` (Block List) Configuration for file integrity monitoring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--file_integrity_monitoring))
- `fork_guard_process_limit` (Number) Process limit for the fork guard.
- `image_name` (String)
- `is_audit_checked` (Boolean)
- `is_auto_generated` (Boolean)
- `is_ootb_policy` (Boolean)
- `lastupdate` (Number)
- `limit_container_privileges` (Block List) Container privileges configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limit_container_privileges))
- `limit_new_privileges` (Boolean) If true, prevents the container from obtaining new privileges at runtime. (only enabled in enforce mode)
- `linux_capabilities` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--linux_capabilities))
- `malware_scan_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for Real-Time Malware Protection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--malware_scan_options))
- `monitor_system_time_changes` (Boolean) If true, system time changes will be monitored.
- `no_new_privileges` (Boolean)
- `only_registered_images` (Boolean)
- `package_block` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--package_block))
- `permission` (String)
- `port_block` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--port_block))
- `readonly_files` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--readonly_files))
- `readonly_registry` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--readonly_registry))
- `registry` (String)
- `registry_access_monitoring` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--registry_access_monitoring))
- `repo_name` (String)
- `resource_name` (String)
- `resource_type` (String)
- `restricted_volumes` (Block List) Restricted volumes configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--restricted_volumes))
- `reverse_shell` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--reverse_shell))
- `runtime_mode` (Number)
- `runtime_type` (String)
- `scope` (Block List) Scope configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `scope_expression` (String) Logical expression of how to compute the dependency of the scope variables.
- `scope_variables` (Block List) List of scope attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope_variables))
- `system_integrity_protection` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--system_integrity_protection))
- `tripwire` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tripwire))
- `type` (String)
- `updated` (String)
- `version` (String)
- `vpatch_version` (String)
- `whitelisted_os_users` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--whitelisted_os_users))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_executables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_executables`

Optional:

- `allow_executables` (List of String) List of allowed executables.
- `allow_root_executables` (List of String) List of allowed root executables.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether allowed executables configuration is enabled.
- `separate_executables` (Boolean) Whether to treat executables separately.


<a id="nestedblock--allowed_registries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_registries`

Optional:

- `allowed_registries` (List of String) List of allowed registries.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether allowed registries are enabled.


<a id="nestedblock--auditing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auditing`

Optional:

- `audit_all_network` (Boolean)
- `audit_all_processes` (Boolean)
- `audit_failed_login` (Boolean)
- `audit_os_user_activity` (Boolean)
- `audit_process_cmdline` (Boolean)
- `audit_success_login` (Boolean)
- `audit_user_account_management` (Boolean)
- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--blacklisted_os_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blacklisted_os_users`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `group_black_list` (List of String)
- `user_black_list` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--bypass_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bypass_scope`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether bypassing the scope is enabled.
- `scope` (Block List) Scope configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bypass_scope--scope))

<a id="nestedblock--bypass_scope--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bypass_scope.scope`

Optional:

- `expression` (String) Scope expression.
- `variables` (Block List) List of variables in the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bypass_scope--scope--variables))

<a id="nestedblock--bypass_scope--scope--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bypass_scope.scope.variables`

Optional:

- `attribute` (String) Variable attribute.
- `value` (String) Variable value.




<a id="nestedblock--container_exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `container_exec`

Optional:

- `block_container_exec` (Boolean)
- `container_exec_proc_white_list` (List of String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `reverse_shell_ip_white_list` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--drift_prevention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `drift_prevention`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether drift prevention is enabled.
- `exec_lockdown` (Boolean) Whether to lockdown execution drift.
- `exec_lockdown_white_list` (List of String) List of items in the execution lockdown white list.
- `image_lockdown` (Boolean) Whether to lockdown image drift.


<a id="nestedblock--executable_blacklist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `executable_blacklist`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the executable blacklist is enabled.
- `executables` (List of String) List of blacklisted executables.


<a id="nestedblock--failed_kubernetes_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `failed_kubernetes_checks`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `failed_checks` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--file_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_block`

Optional:

- `block_files_processes` (List of String)
- `block_files_users` (List of String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exceptional_block_files` (List of String)
- `exceptional_block_files_processes` (List of String)
- `exceptional_block_files_users` (List of String)
- `filename_block_list` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--file_integrity_monitoring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_integrity_monitoring`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, file integrity monitoring is enabled.
- `exceptional_monitored_files` (List of String) List of paths to be excluded from monitoring.
- `exceptional_monitored_files_processes` (List of String) List of processes to be excluded from monitoring.
- `exceptional_monitored_files_users` (List of String) List of users to be excluded from monitoring.
- `monitored_files` (List of String) List of paths to be monitored.
- `monitored_files_attributes` (Boolean) Whether to monitor file attribute operations.
- `monitored_files_create` (Boolean) Whether to monitor file create operations.
- `monitored_files_delete` (Boolean) Whether to monitor file delete operations.
- `monitored_files_modify` (Boolean) Whether to monitor file modify operations.
- `monitored_files_processes` (List of String) List of processes associated with monitored files.
- `monitored_files_read` (Boolean) Whether to monitor file read operations.
- `monitored_files_users` (List of String) List of users associated with monitored files.


<a id="nestedblock--limit_container_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limit_container_privileges`

Optional:

- `block_add_capabilities` (Boolean) Whether to block adding capabilities.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether container privilege limitations are enabled.
- `ipcmode` (Boolean) Whether to limit IPC-related capabilities.
- `netmode` (Boolean) Whether to limit network-related capabilities.
- `pidmode` (Boolean) Whether to limit process-related capabilities.
- `prevent_low_port_binding` (Boolean) Whether to prevent low port binding.
- `prevent_root_user` (Boolean) Whether to prevent the use of the root user.
- `privileged` (Boolean) Whether the container is run in privileged mode.
- `use_host_user` (Boolean) Whether to use the host user.
- `usermode` (Boolean) Whether to limit user-related capabilities.
- `utsmode` (Boolean) Whether to limit UTS-related capabilities.


<a id="nestedblock--linux_capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `linux_capabilities`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `remove_linux_capabilities` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--malware_scan_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `malware_scan_options`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Set Action, Defaults to 'Alert' when empty
- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines if enabled or not
- `exclude_directories` (List of String) List of registry paths to be excluded from being protected.
- `exclude_processes` (List of String) List of registry processes to be excluded from being protected.
- `include_directories` (List of String) List of registry paths to be excluded from being protected.


<a id="nestedblock--package_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `package_block`

Optional:

- `block_packages_processes` (List of String)
- `block_packages_users` (List of String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exceptional_block_packages_files` (List of String)
- `exceptional_block_packages_processes` (List of String)
- `exceptional_block_packages_users` (List of String)
- `packages_black_list` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--port_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_block`

Optional:

- `block_inbound_ports` (List of String)
- `block_outbound_ports` (List of String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--readonly_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `readonly_files`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exceptional_readonly_files` (List of String)
- `exceptional_readonly_files_processes` (List of String)
- `exceptional_readonly_files_users` (List of String)
- `readonly_files` (List of String)
- `readonly_files_processes` (List of String)
- `readonly_files_users` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--readonly_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `readonly_registry`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exceptional_readonly_registry_paths` (List of String)
- `exceptional_readonly_registry_processes` (List of String)
- `exceptional_readonly_registry_users` (List of String)
- `readonly_registry_paths` (List of String)
- `readonly_registry_processes` (List of String)
- `readonly_registry_users` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--registry_access_monitoring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `registry_access_monitoring`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exceptional_monitored_registry_paths` (List of String)
- `exceptional_monitored_registry_processes` (List of String)
- `exceptional_monitored_registry_users` (List of String)
- `monitored_registry_attributes` (Boolean)
- `monitored_registry_create` (Boolean)
- `monitored_registry_delete` (Boolean)
- `monitored_registry_modify` (Boolean)
- `monitored_registry_paths` (List of String)
- `monitored_registry_processes` (List of String)
- `monitored_registry_read` (Boolean)
- `monitored_registry_users` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--restricted_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restricted_volumes`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether restricted volumes are enabled.
- `volumes` (List of String) List of restricted volumes.


<a id="nestedblock--reverse_shell"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reverse_shell`

Optional:

- `block_reverse_shell` (Boolean)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `reverse_shell_ip_white_list` (List of String)
- `reverse_shell_proc_white_list` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Required:

- `expression` (String) Scope expression.
- `variables` (Block List, Min: 1) List of variables in the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--variables))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.variables`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Variable attribute.
- `value` (String) Variable value.

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--scope_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_variables`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Class of supported scope.
- `value` (String) Value assigned to the attribute.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name assigned to the attribute.


<a id="nestedblock--system_integrity_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_integrity_protection`

Optional:

- `audit_systemtime_change` (Boolean)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `monitor_audit_log_integrity` (Boolean)
- `windows_services_monitoring` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--tripwire"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tripwire`

Optional:

- `apply_on` (List of String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `serverless_app` (String)
- `user_id` (String)
- `user_password` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--whitelisted_os_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `whitelisted_os_users`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `group_white_list` (List of String)
- `user_white_list` (List of String)


