---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_firewall_policy Resource - terraform-provider-aquasec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aquasec_firewall_policy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aquasec_firewall_policy" "example_firewall_policy" {
  // Required values
  name = "example_firewall_policy"

  // Block ICMP and one inbound/outbound block
  block_icmp_ping = true
  inbound_networks {
    allow         = false
    resource_type = "anywhere"
    port_range    = "0-1000"
  }

  outbound_networks {
    allow         = false
    resource_type = "custom"
    port_range    = "0-1000"
    resource      = "192.168.1.5/32"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the policy, no longer than 128 characters and no slash characters.

### Optional

- `block_icmp_ping` (Boolean) Indicates whether policy includes blocking incoming 'ping' requests.
- `block_metadata_service` (Boolean) Indicates whether policy includes blocking metadata services of the cloud.
- `description` (String) Description of the Firewall Policy.
- `inbound_networks` (Block List) Information on network addresses that are allowed to pass in data or requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--inbound_networks))
- `outbound_networks` (Block List) Information on network addresses that are allowed to receive data or requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--outbound_networks))
- `type` (String) Indicates the class of protection defined by the firewall.
- `version` (String) Aqua version functionality supported

### Read-Only

- `author` (String) Username of the account that created the policy.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `lastupdate` (Number) Timestamp of the last update in Unix time format.

<a id="nestedblock--inbound_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound_networks`

Required:

- `allow` (Boolean) Indicates whether the specified resources are allowed to pass in data or requests.
- `port_range` (String) Range of ports affected by firewall.
- `resource_type` (String) Type of the resource

Optional:

- `resource` (String) Information of the resource.


<a id="nestedblock--outbound_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_networks`

Required:

- `allow` (Boolean) Indicates whether the specified resources are allowed to receive data or requests.
- `port_range` (String) Range of ports affected by firewall.
- `resource_type` (String) Type of the resource.

Optional:

- `resource` (String) Information of the resource.


