---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aquasec_suppression_rule Resource - terraform-provider-aquasec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a suppression rule.
---

# aquasec_suppression_rule (Resource)

Manages a suppression rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example suppression rule
resource "aquasec_suppression_rule" "example" {
  name = "Example Suppression Rule"
  application_scopes = ["Global"]
  score = []
  fix_available = false
    comment = "This is an example suppression rule"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_scopes` (List of String) List of application scopes for the suppression rule.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the suppression rule.
- `name` (String) Name of the suppression rule.

### Optional

- `expiry` (Number) Expiry in days of the suppression rule.
- `fix_available` (String) Fix available for the suppression rule.
- `scope` (Attributes) Scope of the suppression rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))
- `score` (List of Number) List of scores for the suppression rule.
- `severity` (String) Severity of the suppression rule.
- `status` (Boolean) Activation status of the suppression rule.
- `vulnerabilities` (String) Vulnerabilities for the suppression rule.

### Read-Only

- `author` (String) Author of the suppression rule.
- `created` (String) Creation date of the suppression rule.
- `id` (String) Numeric identifier of the suppression rule.

<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `expression` (String) Expression of the suppression rule.
- `variables` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--variables))

<a id="nestedatt--scope--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.variables`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Attribute of the variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the variable.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the variable.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Suppression rule can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier.
terraform import aquasec_suppression_rule.example 123
```
